Below is a simpler but still detailed version. Follow the steps in order.

What we are testing
We want to test this:

Put an importer in a public GitHub repository.
Create a Replit project.
Ask Agent to download the importer from GitHub.
Ask Agent to use the importer to copy a few test files.
Check that the copied files are exactly correct.
This does not test automatic Replit project creation yet.

Part 1: Create the importer
Step 1: Create a GitHub repository
Go to GitHub.
Click New repository.
Name it:
html-port-importer

Select Public.
Select Add a README file.
Click Create repository.
The repository URL should look like this:

https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/html-port-importer

Replace YOUR-USERNAME with your GitHub username.

Do not put passwords, API keys, private files, or real user source code in this repository.

Step 2: Import that repository into Replit
Create a new Replit project by importing the GitHub repository.
Name the Replit project:
HTML Port Importer

Open the project in Replit.
Open Agent.
Step 3: Ask Agent to build the importer
Copy and paste this entire message into Agent:

Build a small file importer in this project.
The importer will later be installed into another Replit project from GitHub.
For now, create these files:
- import.mjs
- verify.mjs
- fixtures/index.html
- fixtures/style.css
- fixtures/app.js
- fixtures/manifest.json
- README.md
The fixture should be a tiny harmless website.
The page must show this text:
Exact import test
The page must have a button labeled:
Test interaction
When the button is clicked, it must show:
Interaction passed
The importer must copy the fixture files into a folder named:
imported-app
The importer must not change files outside imported-app.
The importer must not run the imported files.
The importer must reject unsafe file paths such as:
../secret.txt
/secret.txt
The importer must check the SHA-256 hash of every imported file against manifest.json.
The importer must have this command:
node import.mjs
Running node import.mjs should:
1. Read fixtures/manifest.json.
2. Copy the fixture files into imported-app.
3. Check every file hash.
4. Stop with an error if a hash is wrong.
5. Leave correct files unchanged if it is run a second time.
The verifier must have this command:
node verify.mjs
Running node verify.mjs should:
1. Read fixtures/manifest.json.
2. Check that every expected file exists.
3. Check that every file has the expected SHA-256 hash.
4. Report PASS or FAIL.
The README must explain:
1. How to run the importer.
2. How to run the verifier.
3. What files are created.
4. That the importer does not execute imported source files.
Add simple tests or a simple test procedure for:
- A successful import.
- A second import.
- A wrong file hash.
- A missing file.
- An unsafe path containing ../.
Do not add credentials.
Do not connect to private services.
Do not create another Replit project.
Do not publish anything.

Wait for Agent to finish.

Step 4: Test the importer
Copy and paste this into Agent:

Test the importer now.
Run the importer:
node import.mjs
Then run the verifier:
node verify.mjs
Confirm all of the following:
1. imported-app/index.html exists.
2. imported-app/style.css exists.
3. imported-app/app.js exists.
4. The verifier reports PASS.
5. Running node import.mjs a second time does not change correct files.
6. A wrong hash is rejected.
7. A path containing ../ is rejected.
8. No file outside imported-app was changed.
Report each result as PASS or FAIL.
If anything fails, stop and explain the failure.
Do not hide a failure by removing the test.

Do not continue until the tests pass.